# Resume-Projects---UnofficialEvaluationProject

This is an Android Studio project targeted at APK 23
My unofficial evaluation project was a personal project created to share an idea with my current employer, WGU. This is a proof of concept prototype application essentially modeling an application that accepts user input regarding previous educational institutions and can create an unofficial evaluation based upon these unofficial transcripts. There is a limited data set in the database, only containing institutions University of Iowa and DMACC. Additionally, the only term currently populated for the University of Iowa school option (user must click into the 'add a degree' field) is Fall 2011 with the degree Bachelor of Science Psychology available in that term. The only term available for DMACC is Summer 2009 with the courses English Composition I and College Transitions available. This project uses a pdf reader already installed on the Android phone or prompts the user to download a pdf reader.

The business case for creating this type of proposal is based on increasing student choice as a result of expanding options within the higher education field. Prospective higher education students frequently request unofficial evaluations while they are still early in their school comparison processes. This is primarly to help inform their decisions while also limiting the amount spent on official transcripts. This proposal suggests a system that leverages pre-exisiting transcript evaluations for students who have already gone through the enrollment process. This type of system can be relatively cost controlled as unofficial transcripts are not evaluated on a case by case basis. One natural limitation is that students can only receive evaluations if another student has submitted official transcripts previously with similar coursework. This self-service approach can lead to higher satisfaction with enrollment processes and create increased enrollment. Students who otherwise are unable to submit transcripts to several schools due to cost may be able to consider an institution implementing this system.

Due to accreditation concerns, the application does note that official transcripts must be submitted in order to complete an admissions process.
